Clean up webinar pages and add CircleCI webinar on demand flow (#3647)
pulumi/docs: content/webinars/spinnaker-live-2020-06-18/index.md

# External webinars will link to an external page instead of a webinar
# landing/registration page.
external: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page. If this is an external
# webinar, use the external URL as the value here.
url_slug: "spinnaker-live-2020-06-18"

# The content of the hero section.
hero:
    # The title text in the hero. This also serves as the pages H1.
    title: "Spinnaker + Pulumi"
    # The image the appears on the right hand side of the hero.
    image: "/icons/containers.svg"

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Spinnaker + Pulumi"
    # URL for embedding a URL for ungated webinars.
    youtube_url: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/G1ovF6JmGdU"
    # Sortable date. The datetime Hugo will use to sort the webinars in date order.
    sortable_date: 2020-06-18T09:00:00-07:00
    # Duration of the webinar.
    duration: "23 minutes"
    # Datetime of the webinar.
    datetime: "THU, JUN 18, 2020"
    # Description of the webinar.
    description: |

>         Dan Hernandez and Praneet Loke demonstrate how Pulumi works with Spinnaker to enable cloud-native continuous delivery for infrastructure and applications. Learn about the initial journey Pulumi has taken joining the Spinnaker eco-system, what we’ve put together so far and what’s to come in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Dan Hernandez and Praneet Loke demonstrate how Pulumi works with Spinnaker to enable cloud-native continuous delivery for infrastructure and applications. Learn about the initial journey Pulumi has taken joining the Spinnaker ecosystem, what we’ve put together so far and what’s to come in the future.
```

Reviewer: @isaac-pulumi did you not want to commit this? ☝️
